docs: add documentation for s3 with IAM (#2796)
kubeshop/testkube: docs/docs/1-installing.md

helm install --create-namespace --namespace testkube testkube testkube/testkube --set mongodb.enabled=false --set testkube-dashboard.service.port=8080
```

> Please notice that since we've just installed MongoDB with `testkube-mongodb` helm release name, it'll allow us to not reconfigure Testkube API MongoDB connection URI. If you've installed with a different name/namespace, please adjust `--set testkube-api.mongodb.dsn: "mongodb://testkube-mongodb:27017"` to your MongoDB service.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please notice that since we've just installed MongoDB with a `testkube-mongodb` Helm release name, you are not required to reconfigure the Testkube API MongoDB connection URI. If you've installed with a different name/namespace, please adjust `--set testkube-api.mongodb.dsn: "mongodb://testkube-mongodb:27017"` to your MongoDB service.
```

> ## Installation with S3 storage and IAM authentication

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Installation with S3 Storage and IAM Authentication
```

> In order to use S3 as a storage the steps are as follow:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To use S3 as storage, the steps are as follows:
```

> 1. Create a ServiceAccount with the ARN specified 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a ServiceAccount with the ARN specified.
```

e.g.

```yaml
apiVersion: v1
kind: ServiceAccount
metadata:
  annotations:
    eks.amazonaws.com/role-arn: arn:aws:iam::265500248336:role/minio-example
  name: s3-access
  namespace: testkube
```

> 2. In the helm values.yaml files link the ServiceAccount to the `testkube-api.minio.serviceAccountName` and to `testkube-api.jobServiceAccountName` then leave `minio.minioRootUser` and `minio.minioRootPassword` empty

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. In the Helm values.yaml file, link the ServiceAccount to the `testkube-api.minio.serviceAccountName` and to `testkube-api.jobServiceAccountName` then leave `minio.minioRootUser` and `minio.minioRootPassword` empty.
```
